"You matter."
"You're important."
"Remember: there are people who believe in you. They want to see you do well."
"All around you are friendly friends. Yoom-tah!"
"We're humans. There is a reason we came this far. Not because we don't make mistakes, but because we're determined."
"You are the most talented, most interesting, and most extraordinary person in the universe."
"If you feel bummed out, take a moment to think of any and all things you've done up until this point. You've done lots. That's amazing."
"I admire you. Please keep going."
"Keep going even when it doesn't seem like there is anything positive left."
"Sometimes it's hard to get out, make new friends. It's alright. You'll get there in time. For now, enjoy the friends you have. Enjoy being with them."
"If you haven't already, get some food and drinks. Treat yo'self."
"Sometimes you're bummed out, and that's okay. It happens. Just take a moment to get up, stretch, do something -- anything. It's going to be okay."
"Keep being yourself."
"What makes you *you* is how entirely unique your existence is, in that no one else has had the same experiences, feelings, and thoughts as you do. You're your own person. Own up to it."
"Fly with leg."
"All storms are temporary."
"Your existence is technically eternal, because you're the one living it right now. So you're pretty damn eternal. That's badass."
"Sooner or later, you're going to have to face the truths of your past. And when you do, I'll be so proud of you."
"Use the truth. It's powerful."
"Truth is when you know beyond the shadow of a doubt."
"Feeling down? Draw! Write! Talk!"
"Having problems with a friend or just plain-out don't wanna talk to 'em for awhile? It's okay. True friends never leave each other's side."
"You don't know it yet, but somewhere, sometime, someday in the future, you're gonna look back and think *'Why was this so complicated in the first place? I can't believe I got through all that'.*"
"Straighten up your back."
"Drink some water."
"Say hello to some friends you haven't talked to in a long time. It might do 'em and you some good."
"a r f"
"Everyone's got a story, and lots of reasons. So do you. You're *that* important."
"Right now, somewhere, someone is thinking of you."
"Encourage all those who need it."
"Sometimes... you just gotta ask someone if they're okay, even though they seem okay. That might make all the difference."
"Put on some music! Lots of music!"
"If you have a pet, grab 'em and pet 'em. Cuddle with them."
"You are not forgotten. You are loved. You are wanted."
"Wipe away those tears, and smile. Or not -- sometimes it's hard to smile, and I get it. I totally do. That's okay, too. Chin up."
"Why you ackin so cray cray?"
"Make friends with yourself."
"Hope is important!"
"Hug someone."
"You're not hopeless, you're not cringe-worthy. Why else would :encourage: exist?"
"Get up, take a bathroom break."
"It's the little things in life we gotta be grateful for. Like typos and puppies."
"If you haven't slept yet, sleep."
"Don't do all-nighters."
"Hey, if you're feeling hopeful -- good. Hold on to it."
"Why the long face? Make Your Face Great Again."
"Sometimes a friendship doesn't last. It's okay. It doesn't mean you're worthless."
"If you want to do something big and risky, consider the pros and cons. Or just go straight for it -- life is full of possibilities! Life is an adventure!"
"We'll meet again some sunny day, somewhere..."
"Most people couldn't dream of doing the amazing things you've done."
"Love is love. So is self-love."
"You're an experience."
"All that is possible, is possible if you put your mind. Never stop dreaming."
"Any and all doubts you currently have are because you've grown so strong in your abilities, confident in yourself and what you can do. Wipe away those doubts."
"The past is your truth. The truth will set you free."
"There's a reason for everything."
"Give yourself a pat on the back -- you deserve it."
"Only three things are certain in life: taxes, death, and friendship."
"You are worth of so much love, admiration, and belief. I believe in you!"
"Listen to that voice in your head sometimes. It might be helpful."
"You are meant to be strong."
"Knowledge is power."
"It's okay to poke fun at yourself sometimes."
"Smile!"
"Enjoy the good times."
"Family butt cx"
"Will you go fun today?"
"Sir, you have won the game."
"Remember to hug people you love once in a while. It'll be appreciated."
"No matter what problems you might have, you are still the most awesome person in the world."
"Let someone else share the burden with you, if it feels like it's getting a bit heavy for you. You don't have to be alone."
"Sometimes true friends are hard to find, but when you find them, try to keep them around for as long as possible. They're more rare and valuable than shiny Pokemon, let me tell you that!"
"If you feel sleepy, sleep. If you feel hungry, eat. If you feel bothered, tell someone."
"Think of your most heartwarming moments."
"It's okay to cry sometimes."
"Do things you enjoy."
"Talk to someone who needs it."
"It helps to be present in the moment."
"Go outside, look at the skies. Up there is peace."
"Take a moment to close your eyes and remember."
"One, two, three. Deep breaths. In and out."
"What motivates you?"
"I hope you've had a good week."
"Flip a dip dip!"
"Hang around, people really care about you."
"It's not easy to get out of your shell, but it helps if you try to get out and talk more."
"Hey, remember the one time you laughed at something specifically funny or stupid?"
"The only thing that is more important than all life and the universe is you. Remember that."
"I hope you know I'm proud of you, of how far you've come."
"What're you positive for? Hope!"
"The future's scary. Don't let that deter you though, it's just something that hasn't been written yet."
"Never say never."
"Grab some favorite foods."
"You are never alone."
"Give meaning to anything and everything in life, you've basically written & defined existence for yourself."
"And so, PB walked away into a new life."
"Sometimes, all that we have is regret, and that can make us wish we did things differently or had more options from the start. Do not despair; these are lessons to learn from."
"Every time you use :encourage:, PB speaks."
"Go, and be brave."
"Do not misunderstand; wish for peace and understanding."
"There are reasons, and reasons drive us to do anything and everything that we do."
"All we can do is move on."
"Sing, sing for the birds."
"Listen to those who may disguise their sadness with anger and apathy. These people are friendly, but they are fools and make mistakes. They care. Please approach them."
"How is everyone?"
"Smile for the camera."
"If you're memeing right now -- pls st0p."
"We've conquered the *world*. There is nothing on this planet that can stop us, except for ourselves. This achievement, to overcome the forces that have created you, is arguably the best of them all."
"It's okay to be scared of the unknown. It's what kept the cavemen alive. But if you're too scared, you'll never get anywhere."
"You do what you can, I'll do the same, and we'll find out what the future holds together."
"Refuse to do nothing, but still remember: You don't have to do everything."
"People mess up, it happens. Just because you might hate yourself for what you might have done, it doesn't mean others hate you."
"Sometimes emotional wounds only heal if you give them space to breathe. Others heal with a kiss. Don't go too far either way."
"The Legion writes these entries. You know what that means, don't you? Lots of people care about you."
"The light might hurt your eyes at first. It's the only way to see a way forward. Take your time to adjust if need be."
"Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending."
"The universe doesn't make sense. Yes, that means bad things come out of nowhere. That applies to the good ones too."
